hi I'm Ken Sherman senior editor here at
SEMA comm today we're take a first look
at the Nokia mv7 W bluetooth stereo
speakers cell phone speakers you might
think they're a little crazy might think
they're not really needed but actually
they can be a really cool accessory if
you have a music phone if you have a
good music phone of course and you want
to take your tunes too into the park or
the beach or just someplace temporarily
and just broadcast into the world so a
lot of different brands out there but
Nokia makes several models this is one
of the higher-end models and Nokia makes
it does operate via bluetooth so there's
no need to connect a wire to the phone
all you need to do is a phone that has
bluetooth and since it's bluetooth of
course they will work with other
bluetooth gadgets you know maybe a mp3
player or any other kind of phone it
doesn't need to be a Nokia but we have
here we have a Nokia 53:10 xpressmusic
and has Dera bluetooth so of course you
will need that stereo Bluetooth profile
to use it since of course they are
stereo speakers the design of the
speakers themselves is pretty nice very
basic just kind of have a black and
silver theme going on here as cell phone
speakers go they are a little on the
large size they're a little heavy as
well they do come with a carrying bag
Nokia didn't send me the carrying bag
but they do come with that and they
clamp together just like that they're
magnetic they don't come apart you can
shake it about of course if you're if
it's in a bag and you would want to
protect them if it's being jostled
around certainly won't fit in a pocket
but definitely easy to take on a weekend
trip or anything like that have a very
strong connecting cord between the two
it's rubberized - it's pretty long as
well so you can really situate the
speaker's as close or as far apart as
you want just some simple controls here
on the side there's just a power button
when you turn it on it will go into
pairing mode so there's no need to kind
of set it or anything like that it does
have an audio jack as well if you don't
have a Bluetooth device but really if
you're gonna buy this you might as well
have a Bluetooth device also has a
button for sterile whitening and a bow
in control here on the side but
otherwise very simple design you just
set it up and all we're gonna do and I
have to warn you I didn't put the music
on this phone so I can't make any
statements about the music but we're
gonna press this button right here
that's the music player
I thought the audio quality was pretty
good I mean had Jasmine France or mp3
editor listen to it as well and she
really liked it there was a lot of
warmth these aren't going to rival your
living room it's gonna be some surround
sound kind of thing but they definitely
do the job I did take them away for the
weekend and really liked it it's just a
way to hook them up next to the pool put
them on and just listen to your music as
you'd like there are low expensive there
are about $130 but what they offer I
think it's very good quality in a nice
easy to use design I'm Ken Sherman these
are the no km d7w bluetooth stereo
speakers